README.md, before:

# Note Taker 

## Description
An application that can be used to write and save notes. It uses an Express.js back end and will save and retrieve note data from a JSON file.

The application’s front end was souced from [this repository](https://github.com/coding-boot-camp/miniature-eureka). I built the back end, connected it to the front end and deployed the entire application to Heroku.

[Click Here](GITHUB LINK HERE) to visit my GitHub repository.

## Table of Contents
- [Installation](#installation)
- [User Story](#user-story)
- [Acceptance Criteria](#acceptance-criteria)
- [Preview](#preview)
- [Demo](#demo)
- [Resources](#resources)
- [License](#license)

## Installation
INSTALL INSTRUCTIONS HERE

## User Story
AS A small business owner

I WANT to be able to write and save notes

SO THAT I can organize my thoughts and keep track of tasks I need to complete

## Acceptance Criteria
GIVEN a note-taking application

WHEN I open the Note Taker

THEN I am presented with a landing page with a link to a notes page

WHEN I click on the link to the notes page

THEN I am presented with a page with existing notes listed in the left-hand column, plus empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column

WHEN I enter a new note title and the note’s text

THEN a Save icon appears in the navigation at the top of the page

WHEN I click on the Save icon

THEN the new note I have entered is saved and appears in the left-hand column with the other existing notes

WHEN I click on an existing note in the list in the left-hand column

THEN that note appears in the right-hand column

WHEN I click on the Write icon in the navigation at the top of the page

THEN I am presented with empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column

## Preview
The following images show the web application's appearance and functionality:

![alt text](PATH TO SCREENSHOT HERE)

![alt text](PATH TO SCREENSHOT HERE)

Image below shows an example of what this application generates:
![alt text](PATH TO SCREENSHOT HERE)

## Demo
TODO: add video link demo here

## Resources:
[Source of STARTER CODE](https://github.com/coding-boot-camp/miniature-eureka)

pair programming, MDN and chatGPT continue to be the most helpful. 

## License:
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT%20License-brightgreen)  
[License](./LICENSE)
This application is covered under the [MIT License](./LICENSE) license.

Commit message:

edited READMe, continued efforts to resolve parse and display of fetched JSON, still not working

README.md, after:

# Note Taker 

## Description
An application that can be used to write and save notes. It uses an Express.js back end and will save and retrieve note data from a JSON file.

The application’s front end was souced from [this repository](https://github.com/coding-boot-camp/miniature-eureka). I built the back end, connected it to the front end and deployed the entire application to Heroku.

[Click Here](https://github.com/k8sterchi/k8s-note-taker) to visit my GitHub repository.

## Table of Contents
- [User Story](#user-story)
- [Acceptance Criteria](#acceptance-criteria)
- [Resources](#resources)
- [License](#license)


## User Story
AS A small business owner

I WANT to be able to write and save notes

SO THAT I can organize my thoughts and keep track of tasks I need to complete

## Acceptance Criteria
GIVEN a note-taking application

WHEN I open the Note Taker

THEN I am presented with a landing page with a link to a notes page

WHEN I click on the link to the notes page

THEN I am presented with a page with existing notes listed in the left-hand column, plus empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column

WHEN I enter a new note title and the note’s text

THEN a Save icon appears in the navigation at the top of the page

WHEN I click on the Save icon

THEN the new note I have entered is saved and appears in the left-hand column with the other existing notes

WHEN I click on an existing note in the list in the left-hand column

THEN that note appears in the right-hand column

WHEN I click on the Write icon in the navigation at the top of the page

THEN I am presented with empty fields to enter a new note title and the note’s text in the right-hand column


## Resources:
[Source of STARTER CODE](https://github.com/coding-boot-camp/miniature-eureka)

pair programming, MDN and chatGPT continue to be the most helpful. 

I will continue to resolve issues with this application. 

## License:
![License](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT%20License-brightgreen)  
[License](./LICENSE)
This application is covered under the [MIT License](./LICENSE) license.
